29 September 2026 

late morning. mourning. not for any particular reason. physically I feel fine. otherwise I feel dreadful. today is the Storm years: 13-19.

during these years, I had a false confidence, built on the fact I had a private bubble of a jurisdiction The Untouchable-Bubble Enclosure: The Dissociative-Armor Citadel so that I didn't feel a bit impeded for autonomy in middle school and high school. I had no bullies I met no social friction and that precisely is what crippled me so that at 40 years old I'm coming in virtually last place among my peers making 18 bucks an hour.

truly, I didn't go thru the emotional turmoil of puberty and therefore not having anything to resist , I barley even grew. 

oh, there were plenty of "good" times or times I thought positively of the current situation but now see it was all based on a lie thru lying lenses: the lense of a conman. Mormonism which about 14¾ I latched onto unconsciously as a safety mechanism. I became a youthful Mormon zealot. because of this , I impressed a swathe of Mormon leaders who reinforced this zeal towards Mormon OS integration. seeing I didn't have to choose anything at all, I was on board. It felt like a free ride. I would go on all kinds of adventures and have all this energy to blaze ahead on trails and zoom down the mountain on snowboard all because I wasn't in the driver seat of my life. someone "else" was because of The Untouchable-Bubble Enclosure: The Dissociative-Armor Citadel. 

I remember one time as a sophomore or junior, i put on a grey beard and with a big stick I grabbed the lunchroom intercom mic and started satirical Doomsday monologue in the style of Moses. I did cringe shit all thru the storm years, and just was applauded. it gave me the wrong idea of what life was like. it gave me the idea you could literally fuck/dick around and have everything work out for you. I would unconsciously carry this folly and "playing thru life" M.O. until 2020 when I was forced to confront that shadow.

like for me has been the The Panoptic Chrono-Compliance Cell: The Industrial Sunrise Inversion Chamber: now as a 30-45 year old I'm going thru my storm years. what I should've been preoccupied with at 13-19 I wasn't and am doing that work now. truly, it feels like I'm like the story of Ra Paulette, a man who obsessively digs massive, ornately carved, sandstone caves in Northern New Mexico as art except I'm in a cave like Aladdin with the cave sealed up cause my pysche couldn't resist touching all the treasure. there's so much sand and so little vision, sometimes I just sit here blue and purple. 

my microbiotic thoughts latch on to the story of Sadie Lopez. I guess it's comforting to know that we made out or something and she as a girlfriend but not yet a woman fell in love with our make out story. but then we made out later on at her house when her mom and brother weren't home and she wanted to have sex and we were dry humping super hard but my dick wasn't engorging. what was that all about? it's just some wasted energy. 

happiness is how we feel about ourselves the good we think the good we do we are part of the dream time. happiness is one of the colors: as a 13-19 I felt terrible about myself. I was a social automoton : The Step-Wife Automaton: The Default-Programmed Social Script and I hated myself. so in middle school I turned to alcohol and punk rock dissidence. I went to school drunk. passed out in the back of the class, without the teacher ever knowing. fell down the stairs like an idiot. I wanted to die and be reborn but not in those explicit terms. I wanted this hell to change. and so I did the unthinkable I turned into a peter priesthood. I quit soccer. I remained in the band with Wil, Nick, and Kevin. but I reignited my automoton core (with a finite battery mind you) as the perfect A grade student and perfect ra ra ra citizen. impressing teachers with what seamed reel which was kelvin-kool but really it was from a seatbed of fiery hate. a forgery. the only one who really suspected anything of the falsehood of my character was Wil koehnke my bandmate. he was the one in 7th grade we looked at his mom's pencil sex illustrations book. we flipped thru the book and eventually came to the solo male masturbation picture. we laughed together. but his laugh was genuine. my laugh was macabre and hiding something. he never forgot this and was always subtly probing me, testing me boundaries for sexuality without ever landing any real conclusions. all he could deduce was that I was probably a social automoton. he wrote a song called "you may be a robot but I'm not a toy". I my sonambulance I never thought twice about this. played the song tens of times and never once confronted Wil with fire for truth. 

It was Wil who had the song in the band "The Storm". it is like a The Maternal-Lyric Panopticon: The Bandmate-Projection Archive. Wil became my spiritual mom in a sense, unbenounced to my conscious person. there were like a secret/secretion overlay with me chilling in the sky city. I did not comprehend or take herd to the call "there's a storm in the distance! where you gonna go?" I was still in The Untouchable-Bubble Enclosure: The Dissociative-Armor Citadel so what did I care what wil's stupid song was talking about? I would have ask for help then. when you're supposed to get help. when it's socially acceptable to ask for help. 

I was a psycho deep down but because I could lie so good to people,people thought I was the creme of the crop. I had a wart or what seemed like a wart on my left hand---and my little bro Nick is the only one who knows this: I would heat up metal rods and try to burn it off in madness locomotion. I remember forming the thought "I will kill this alien within me" "kill the alien" as if somehow at a subconscious level I thought I was an alien or had an alien. related to my mom joking how she was an alien from another country? prolly so but inconclusive. 

I had no conscious awakened awareness of my feelings during that time. I was on full auto. 

let's see what I remember:

when I was 14 or so, i traveled with Quinton and my dad John to Minnesota where we met up with my uncle Dave who brought his new wife Melinda and adopted/stepson Calvin. I don't remember feeling bad but I bet I slamshut my feelings because anytime I was with my dad and Quinton I was miserable.

I stole a shirt from Darlene koski's house, my grandma and never really took responsibility for it. I was in 7th/8th grade with braces and the shirt even though a bit too small for me , I coveted: it pictured an animal with braces in a silly way.

I prolly mentioned last time the farmers market where I busked for money most Saturdays as a 8th grader/9th grader. 

the times are a changing
blowing in the wind
Folsom prison blues
ring of fire
he was a friend of mine
yonder comes a sucker
you are my sunshine

Mr tambourine man
 
and if you hear vauge traces of your tambourine in time, I wouldn't pay it any mind. it's just a shadow you are seeing that he's chasing. 

and that's how I feel , now fast forward 20 years. like the fuck. the fuck. the fuck.



